Fix typos and phrasing (#78)
edgelesssys/marblerun.sh: content/docs/reference/coordinator.md

```

{{<note>}}

> On Ubuntu, ~/.local/bin is added to PATH only if the directory exists when the bash environment is initialized during login. You might need to re-login after creating the directory. Also, non-default shells such as `zsh` do not add this path by default. Therefore, if you receive `command not found: era` as an error message for a local user installation. Make sure `~/.local/bin` was added to your PATH successfully or simply use the machine-wide installation method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu, `~/.local/bin` is added to PATH only if the directory exists when the bash environment is initialized during login. You might need to re-login after creating the directory. Also, non-default shells such as `zsh` do not add this path by default. Therefore, if you receive `command not found: era` as an error message for a local user installation, make sure `~/.local/bin` was added to your PATH successfully, or simply use the machine-wide installation method.
```

Why was the inline code removed for the directory name?
Also the last two sentences should either be one sentence, or rephrased completely .

Author: The removal of the inline code was not intended, I will revert this.
The same goes for the punctuation.

{{</note>}}

> The file `coordinator-era.json` contains the *Packages* information for the Coordinator
> The example `coordinator-era.json` for our provided testing image can be downloaded from github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file `coordinator-era.json` contains the [Packages]({{< ref "docs/workflows/define-manifest.md#manifestpackages" >}}) information for the Coordinator.
The example `coordinator-era.json` for our provided testing image can be downloaded from GitHub:
```

I personally prefer the old version of the second sentence. Having `coordinator-era.json` twice in such a short text seems a bit repetitive.
Thoughts?

Author: I like your suggestion to add the reference to the `manifestpackages` section.
Like you said there is a repetition of name `coordinator-era.json` , but I wanted to make clear what file will be downloaded before the snippet is displayed.  I thought something like _the example file_ was too vague.

Reviewer: Some more things:
The config file we use for `era` is not necessarily called `coordinator-era.json`. (For example, using the build script the generated file is called `coordinator-config.json`)
It is not really and example file, it is the config for our officially published, signed coordinator binary.

Also, please fix the missing `.` between the two sentences and the spelling of `GitHub`.

```bash
wget https://github.com/edgelesssys/marblerun/releases/latest/download/coordinator-era.json
```

### /recover

> To recover the Coordinator when the unsealing of the existing state failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To recover the Coordinator when unsealing of the existing state failed.
```

```

##### POST

> To set a secret, it is required to upload it in the JSON format using a HTTP POST request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting secrets requires uploading them in JSON format using a HTTP POST request.
```
Shorter sentences are usually better for docs

Author: In general I agree, but in this case I think the version I suggested is easier to read.

Reviewer: Made another suggestions, decide what you prefer.
But in any case please remove `the` in `upload it in the JSON format`.

> To set a secret, it is required to upload it in the JSON format using a HTTP POST request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secrets can be uploaded in JSON format using a HTTP POST request.
```

### /status

> For returning the current state of the Coordinahtor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For returning the current state of the Coordinator.
```

| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1          | Coordinator is in recovery mode. Either upload a key to unseal the saved state, or set a new manifest. For more information on how to proceed, consult the documentation. |
| 2          | Coordinator is ready to accept a manifest.                                                                                                                                |

> | 3          | Coordinator is running correctly and is ready to accept marbles.                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3          | Coordinator is running correctly and ready to accept marbles.                                                                                                             |
```
The values from this sections are directly taken from the [source code](https://github.com/edgelesssys/marblerun/blob/612f7e397e54da481a4659b26e559c3f6f5ef4d4/coordinator/core/core.go#L352), i.e. what is written here should be the same as what is returned by the coordinator on a `/status`  request.
Any changes here should only be done if the same is changed in the Coordinators code.

Author: I wasn't aware of the origin. I have read the source code you linked and agree with you that it should be consistent, so we should restore the documentation to its original state.

curl -k "https://$MARBLERUN/status"
```

> It can be useful to use this API endpoint and use it for other monitoring tools. More information can be found under [Monitoring and Logging]({{< ref "docs/workflows/monitoring.md" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API endpoint can be useful for monitoring tools. For more information see [Monitoring and Logging]({{< ref "docs/workflows/monitoring.md" >}}).
```
This sections needs a rewrite to sound a bit more fluid. Feel free to change my suggestion as necessary.
